git deploy cache (#543)
bundlewrap/bundlewrap: docs/content/items/git_deploy.md

## use_xattrs

BundleWrap needs to store the deployed commit hash on the node. The `use_xattrs` attribute controls how this is done. If set to `True`, the `attr` command on the node is used to store the hash as an extended file system attribute. Since `attr` might not be installed on the node, the default is to place a dotfile in the target directory instead (keep that in mind when deploying websites etc.).

<br>

> # Environment variables

Reviewer: Please also include a reference to this in the global env vars docs page.

## `$BW_GIT_DEPLOY_CACHE`

This only affects repositories for which a URL has been specified.

> By default, BundleWrap will clone repos to a temporary directory. This is done once per BundleWrap process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
With this env var unset, BundleWrap will clone repos to a temporary directory. This is done once per BundleWrap process and removed automatically when the process terminates.
```
